# Business Analysis (Power BI)

Power BI is a powerful data visualization and business intelligence tool
that enables users to transform raw data into meaningful insights
through interactive dashboards, reports, and charts. It can showcase
various data elements, such as sales performance, customer demographics,
financial trends, operational metrics, and market analysis, all in
real-time. By integrating data from multiple sources, Power BI
simplifies complex datasets into visually appealing and
easy-to-understand formats. This is crucial for informed
decision-making, as it allows businesses to identify patterns, track
KPIs, forecast trends, and address issues promptly, fostering a
data-driven approach to achieving strategic goals.

## Sales Performance Analysis in Ecuador (2013-2017)

This Power BI sales visualization highlights the sales performance of
various products across different states and cities in Ecuador for the
years 2013 to 2017. It provides an in-depth analysis of geographical
sales trends, enabling insights into regional product demand and
performance during this period.
<br>
![Data Visualization - Sales](Cover%20Photo%20Data%20Visualization%20-%20Sales.PNG)

## Market Share Analysis of VanArsdel Ltd.

This Power BI visualization showcases the Market Share Analysis of
VanArsdel Ltd., providing insights into Total Category Volume segmented
by product categories, Total Units sold per month, and VanArsdel\'s
contribution to the overall market. Additionally, it highlights the
percentage of unit market share, offering a comprehensive view of the
company\'s performance in comparison to competitors.
<br>
![VanArsdel Ltd Market Share Analysis](Cover%20Photo%20VanArsdel%20Ltd%20Market%20Share%20Analysis.PNG)
